In this video, we're going to produce the
menu for a juke box
Alright, so let's create a new file.
I'm going to call this one demo.py.
I'm gonna paste the code in.
So I'm going to run this first. Now that
it's running, I'm gonna come over here,
click on the cog. Then I'm gonna choose
View Mode, or set View Mode, to Window.
Then what I'm going to do is,
just make this window so it's a little bit
bigger, so you I see more of the
output, but I'm also going to make sure I
leave enough room for the subtitles to
still be displayed at the bottom of the screen.
Alright, so now the program's running,
we've got a menu showing our albums
from our albums list. We can
enter any of the options from 1 to 4,
to select an album. I'm going to choose
option 3, Nightflight. Next, we see the
songs on the album I chose. Once again,
there's 4 options, as you can see.
I'll select Reaper of the Glory, option 3. If
this was a real juke box, the song would
now be playing. The main menu's appeared
again, showing the album's, once more.
I'll try option 2 is time, Bad Company, and
this time you can see, we've got 8 tracks
to choose from. Seagull's a good one -
option 8 - so I'm going to select that. OK.
So that's what our program's going to
do. It'll present the songs available,
for each album that we select. If you enter
an invalid choice, the program exits.
0 is invalid, and so is any number
greater than the last album or song.
Make sure you only enter whole numbers, though.
Entering text will crash the program.
We look at how to handle that, later in the
course. I'll finish here by entering 7
to quit the program, and in the next video,
we'll start writing the code for this program.
See you in the next video.